#<center>Topic one 房屋出租</center>
##一：租期
**Man:**Hello! I'm calling about the apartment you have advertised to rent in today's The Daily
Mail.  
**Woman:**Yes. I will have a trip,so the house will be empty for two weeks.
Man:What a coincidence（ 巧合） ! I would like to rent for a short period of time. Two weeks
is just enough. Could you introduce your apartment to me?
Woman:Certainly! It's a bedroom apartment with a big balcony(阳台).
Man:How long have you been living there? I mean,do you think it's comfortable living there?
Woman:Well,the apartment is well furnished(陈设，布置) since i moved in two years ago
and i really enjoy it.
Man:Sounds good. May i come over tomorrow to take a look?
Woman:Sure, I'll see you tomorrow at the place mentioned in the paper.
二：租金及房屋细节
Would you like to live in a comfortable apartment,instead of worrying about the packed(拥挤
的) hotels during the Foot Match next year? Located at International Display Center,
Baiziwan Road, Chaoyang District, my bright and spacious(宽敞的) apartment may be you
best choice. It takes only ten minutes' walk to the subway line 1, twenty five minutes' driving
distance(行驶距离) from the airport. There are two apartments here fo choice. Apartment
A
,thirty square(平方;广场;正方形;方格) meters with a bedroom,a bathroom and a kitchen, is
one hundred dollars per week; Apartment B, ninety square meters with two bedrooms,two
bathrooms and a kitchen,is two hundred and eighty dollars per week. Both of them are
furnished with beds,bedding(床上用品),basic furnitures(家具),PC,cable TV(有线电
视),broadband access(宽带接入),water heaters,refrigerator(冰箱),and washing machine.
三：门牌号
Realtor(房地产经纪人):Good afternoon,this is Michael of The National Affordable Home
Agency.Can I help you?
Client:Yes,this is Sophia form five Oaks Mobile School. I registered yesterday for a spacious
flat and you asked me to verify today.
Realtor:Oh,Sophia. I remember you. Hold on please and I will check.(After a few seconds.)
Realtor:Sorry to have you wait so long,Sophia. Client:Never mind. Are there any rooms
available? Realtor:Yes,there are three convenient room in the Youth Centers,less than two
minutes' walk form your school.The first one is Room 6C,North Tower with a southern
exposure(暴露;揭发;公开;) room.The second is Room 17A,South Tower with exquisite
decoration(精致的装饰).The last one is Room 17B,North Tower with a big bathroom.
Client:Thank you very much,and I will consider for several minutes.
四：电话号码
1、If you want to know more information about the house rent,you can reach me at this
number:eight eight nine seven four zero.
2、You're welcome to consult(咨询;商议，商量) any information about the apartment rent,so
please do not hesitate to contact me by calling the number:eight five one four three three
seven.
3、My current phone number is eight five two three one two one eight eight.
4、If you want to contact me,please dial my office number three five six two five four one
eight seven three.
五、聘用清洁工
The housing corporation(公司),with five hundred staff based at nine offices throughout(在…
期间;遍及…地域;遍及…场所)England,is the national government agency(政府机构).That we
provide all customers with special offer of hiring a cleaning maid(少女;女仆，侍女;处女，未
婚女子) is one of our selling points.Our mission(使命) is to provide high quality services to
anyone who needs a fresh clean room at a reasonable(合理的，公道的;) price.VIP
customers will enjoy the price of $25 per week while the price for ordinary(普通的;一般的;)
customers will be $5 more.Our focus is on the customers' needs and we are committed to
delivering(提供) quality,care and consideration with every service.
六、财产安全注意事项
To protect your home against crime by using some common-sense(常识的) precautions(防
范；预防措施) can deter( 制止，阻止；) a criminal from your property. Most criminals will
look for the most easily accessible property and it is important to lock all windows before
going out. Begin by thinking like a burglar(夜贼，窃贼) and taking a walk around the outside
of your home to spot any weakness that may attract(吸引；引起) a criminal. A checklist of
changes should be made that will make a burglar think that somneone is at home at all
times.Inside the house, make an inventory(存货，存货清单) and mark all-important items
with a unique(独特的，稀罕的；),permanent(永久的，永恒的；不变的) identification(鉴定，
识别；认同；身份证明) that it makes it harder for a criminal to sell it.
七、规章制度
You shall comply(遵守；顺从) with these regulations(条例；规程),and with any reasonable
order of Dean of Student Affairs. Firstly,in accordance with(依照；与…一致) the general
regulations,each resident(居住的；住院医师；定居的) of a flat(平地；公寓) shall pay his flat
charges on the 15th of each month. Secondly,a resident of the flat shall not interface with
existing fittings(配件（ fitting的复数） ；设备；家具),or install new utilities(公用事业；实用工
具), without the permission of the Dean of Student Affairs. Thirdly,residents of the flat shall
not play music after midnight. And lastly, a resident must not engage(吸引，占用) any
gambling(赌博；投机) whatsoever(无论什么) in the flat,or, permit such gambling to take
place in the flat.
八、询问对象
Man:Will you move out soon?
Woman：Yes，I am leaving for Australia the day after tomorrow. Have you understood all
the details?
Man:Yeah,I am cleal about most of them.
Woman:That's great.If you have any other questions,you can call the
landlady,Mrs.Roche,for further information.She will explain it for you.
Man:Ok, I'm grateful(感谢的；令人愉快的) for your help. It's so sweet of you.
Woman:You're welcome. I hope you will like this aprtment.