#<center>Topic two 在英国租房</center>
##一、租金的比较及信息来源
**Woman:**Excuse me,what are you reading about?  
**Man:**I am reading a piece of information about house agents in the newspaper.I have been
looking for a house for a long time.But until now,I still can't find the proper(适当的) house
that I want.  
**Woman:**It is a headache for most people who want to rent an appropriate(适当的；恰当的；
合适的) house.Either the price is too high, or the location is not ideal(理想的；完美的；).  
either...or..(二者择一的；要么…要么…)  
**Man:**You are right, and the rent price in the city center or in the comparatively(比较地；相当
地) good places is always relatively(相当地；相对地，比较地) higher than in anywhere else.  
**Woman:**Yes, I can't agree with you anymore. I suggest that you find information in Evening
News.The prices of houses in it are lower,especially on Thursday.I hope you can find the
ideal house as soon as possible.  
**Man:**Thanks a lot.
##二、房屋中介的名称
1.Seeking(寻求；寻找；探索；搜索) advice from a house agent is also a good idea. For
example, you can call Halifax Estate Agent, Here is the number:zero one nine one five four
eight four zero two three.  
2.There is a house agent in Ninty-three Commercial(商业的；营利的；靠广告收入的) Street
named Nock Deighton.  
3.Also you can consult(查阅；商量；向…请教) an agent named Hillinsen.  
4.If you want to rent an apartment for Nine hundred dollars a month,maybe Pattinson can
give you some help.
##三、租房的时间和费用
**Customer:**Excuse me, I would like to get some information about your house agent.  
**Manager:**It is my pleasure to provide some information to you.You can ask any questions as
you like.  
**Customer:**Could you tell me what facilities(设施；设备；容易；灵巧) each unit is
equipped(装备，配备) with?  
**Manager:**All the units are equipped with complete facilities. Each unit has two bedrooms,
one outside toilet, fully furnished with television, DVD player, refrigerator(冰箱，冷藏库), and
with air conditioner(调节器；调节剂；调料槽) in master bedroom.  
**Customer:**Let me think about it. Could you tell me how long i should rent at least?  
**Manager:**A clause(条款；子句) in the agreement(协议；同意，一致) provides that the
tenant(承租人；房客；佃户；居住者) should rent for a minimum(最小值；最低限度；) of six
months.  
**Customer:**It is acceptable for me.But what I am worrying about is that i have no enough
money to pay all the fee now.  
**Manger:**Never mind. Paying fee is not required when you book a unit.  
**Customer:**That's great.